README.md, before:

# Group 12 Final Project: An Analysis on Animal Shelter Data from Sonoma Country, CA

Welcome to Group 12's final project for Stat 159. 

The Binder link to our repository can be found below:
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/UCB-stat-159-s23/project-Group12.git/HEAD)

## Authors
Florence Thin, Michelle Lin, and Sarah Song

## Project Description
For our final project, we analyze the publicly available data from Sonoma County animal shelters. More details about the data can be found on the main analysis page. Here is a description of the files in the repo:

- `_build` folder contains files necessary to build the JupyterBook
- `_config.yml` is the YAML file used to generate `conf.py` when creating the JupyterBook
- `data` folder contains the data we used for analysis in csv format
- `environment.yml` contains the information needed to replicate our environment
- `figures` folder contains the figures generated by the notebook `main.ipynb`
- `Makefile` is a Makefile that allows you to build the system needed to run our analysis
- `requirements.txt` contains the requirements to build the JupyterBook
- `shetertools` folder contains utility functions and tests for them
- `_toc.yml` contains the table of contents for our JupyterBook


[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/LiaEl886)

Commit message:

updated README with details on new files in main repo and updated contribution statementt

README.md, after:

# Group 12 Final Project: An Analysis on Animal Shelter Data from Sonoma Country, CA

Welcome to Group 12's final project for Stat 159. 

The Binder link to our repository can be found below:
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/UCB-stat-159-s23/project-Group12.git/HEAD)

## Authors
Florence Thin, Michelle Lin, and Sarah Song

## Project Description
For our final project, we analyze the publicly available data from Sonoma County animal shelters. More details about the data can be found on the main analysis page. Here is a description of the files in the repo:

- `_build` folder contains files necessary to build the JupyterBook
- `_config.yml` is the YAML file used to generate `conf.py` when creating the JupyterBook
- `data` folder contains the data we used for analysis in csv format
- `EDA.ipynb` contains the EDA portion of our analysis
- `environment.yml` contains the information needed to replicate our environment
- `figures` folder contains the figures generated by the notebook `main.ipynb`
- `LICENSE` contains information on our license 
- `main.ipynb` contains our entire analysis
- `Makefile` details commands you may use, such as building our environment
- `modeling.ipynb` contains the modeling portion of our analysis
- `requirements.txt` contains the requirements to build the JupyterBook
- `shetertools` folder contains utility functions and tests for them
- `_toc.yml` contains the table of contents for our JupyterBook
- `setup.cfg` and `pyproj.toml` ensure the successful deployment of the `sheltertools` package


[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/LiaEl886)
